Mark OSI semantic-model API as beta (#4983)
apache/polaris: site/content/in-dev/unreleased/configuration/config-sections/flags-polaris_features.md

##### `polaris.features."ENABLE_SEMANTIC_MODELS"`

> If true, the semantic-model (OSI) endpoints are enabled. This is a beta feature: the API is under active development and may change in a backward-incompatible way. It is disabled by default; enable it with caution and report any issues encountered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If true, the semantic-model (Apache Ossie) endpoints are enabled. This is a beta feature: the API is under active development and may change in a backward-incompatible way. It is disabled by default; enable it with caution and report any issues encountered.
```
